---
title: "Playground! Season 4"
notion_url: "https://www.notion.so/c8cbb9bb53c5422ca86e1ce4b7dc6955"
status: "Backlog"
priority: "Medium"
owner: []
collaborators: []
funding_source:
  - "F12: Sustain + Maintain"
circle:
  - "Advocacy&Outreach"
  - "Local Community"
ada_inflows: null
ada_outflows: 6050
budget_spent_ada: null
operational_dates:
  start: "2024-09-24"
  end: "2025-06-03"
review_date: "2025-05-29"
archived_at: "2026-03-09"
---

# Playground! Season 4

## Summary
Playground Season 4 aims to create an open space for community research and discussion related to Cardano and Project Catalyst, focusing on educational and technical topics. The initiative will involve community engagement, presenter recruitment, and the establishment of a dedicated Discord channel. Key goals include enhancing presentations, fostering collaboration, and expanding the Gimbalabs community, with evaluations based on participant satisfaction and community growth. The season is set to begin on September 26, 2024, and run bi-weekly until June 2025.

## Gimbalabs Primary Driver
To provide open, replicable, safe spaces to learn, to explore, and to empower individuals and organizations anywhere so that we can solve meaningful problems

## Proposal Driver
To consent on a new focus and orientation for Gimbalabs' Playground

## Proposal

### 1. Title or Brief Description
Playground Season 4 - an emergent space for researching ideas within our community

### 2. Background or Rationale
Playground is a **long-running open space for discussion and presentation of topics** relevant to Cardano and Project Catalyst.

When Playground sessions were first introduced, Gimbalabs and the larger Catalyst community were in a nascent space. Every person, team and project felt worthy of attention and they were, generally speaking, all interesting.

As members of Gimbalabs began to focus on building educational material, the need for a learning management system began to assert itself, and Andamio.io was born. This is a rapidly maturing educational platform that is being built largely through the collaborative efforts of people and teams who were first attracted to the Playground sessions.

With the introduction of Andamio.io, 2024 has seen the Gimbalabs community evolve their focus from purely educational questions to broader technical questions in blockchain. We have decided to apply principles of Sociocracy v3 as part of our growth journey and it is in this frame of reference we raise the question of how best to implement a new season of Playground sessions.

### 3. Intended Outcome
The goal at the heart of this proposal is to have **Playground presenters that consistently engage the Gimbalabs community about topics that further our own growth and understanding** of the larger Cardano community.

### 4. Details of the Proposal
- Steve will take on hosting / production responsibilities as well as researching and inviting potential presenters.
- In pursuit of presenters that are interesting to 'us', suggestions from Gimbalabs members will be necessary.
- Creation of a Playground channel in Discord. Newman has created a Playground survey we could post there to get feedback as Season 4 progresses. General questions about Playground-oriented questions and dialogue can take place there, as well as a form of petition to be a Playground presenter.

### 5. Impact and Benefits
- We hope to have more consistently positive and expansive presentations.
- A continuation of the pattern of finding potential collaborators.
- A broader understanding of those elements within the larger Cardano community with whom we do not necessarily resonate with.
- A continued growth in the Playground YouTube archive that serves to educate current and future members of the Cardano community.
- The Gimbalabs community grows.

### 6. Evaluation Criteria
- No one is bored, offended or has an otherwise unsatisfactory experience.
- Useful information is generated by the survey.
- Has the GL community grown? Will we increase our pool of collaborators?
- We will survey both participants and presenters for feedback.
- Initial version of the Playground survey: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfPJQqXMYG-C5tevy4vQhVOB8LNa2_OzhS-X3HTJizt2UFAJA/viewform?usp=sf_link

### 7. Timeline
- Projected to start Tuesday, September 26 on a bi-weekly basis
- There will be a year-end break of approximately 3 weeks.
- The season 4 will end by June 2025.

### 8. Resources Required
- Suggestions for Topics from GL members
  - high level - concept vs low level - "why won't this validator work?"
- Creation of a Playground channel in Discord
- Access to GL Zoom account / hosting privilege
- Around 6k Ada (see compensation spreadsheet)

### 9. Responsibilities
- **Playground Announcer:** Pabon
- **Day of Facilitator:** Newman
- **Day of Host:** Steve
- **Admin of the project:** Admin'd by the Sustain and Maintain group (Harsha and Newman)
- **Playground Producer:** Steve

### 10. Potential Risks and Mitigation Strategies
- Steve is a bigger dork than any of us realized.
  - Replace Steve

### 11. Review and Adaptation Plan
See links below

## Clarifying Questions & Notes

**Only Cardano?**
- "includes the world" - if people want it, we will get it.

**Brief Response on Responsibilities:**
- Responsibilities in proposal - distributed
- Distribute funds? Contribution prototype in Andamio - better than spreadsheet or DeWork. The infrastructure we want to build - the reviewer token.

**How to petition / get a slot for playground:**
- Join the Discord and ask Steve

**Why Document?**
- The right amount - GoldiLocks - Catalyst requirements. Saving video links, topic/title, the presenter - Knowledge base of people, projects and topics that evolve over time. Important for onboarding new people. "Here is the knowledge base. This who and what of Gimbalabs."

**Announcements:**
- A workflow for working with Pabon. Tooling and paid accounts? Twitter Pro (more space, video uploads, ability to promote). Experiments available. Investigate Figma.

## Resources
- History of GL Playground: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1lOVY8289OI0qxSV2dTAysPH5YMZCnMP-21coWiceeFI/edit?gid=2072973418#gid=2072973418
- Design Notes: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1D1IDba5PtlKA5Q3TL_jxQTweOkvagkG8sMpYoMG6QZ8/edit
- Compensation Spreadsheet: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1lOVY8289OI0qxSV2dTAysPH5YMZCnMP-21coWiceeFI/edit?usp=sharing (See Compensation sheet at the end)
