### Agenda [Open Spaces Date]

- [ ] Check in Round
  - Usually 10 - 15 mins
- [ ] Announcements
  - Calendar items in the short, medium and long term (example)
  - dRep report on Gov Actions - [Proposal Summaries](https://github.com/gimbalabs/Cardano-governance-proposal-summaries/tree/main/Proposal%20Summaries)
- [ ] Agenda Setting (in order of priority)
  - [ ] Call for Proposals
  - [ ] Community Review and Consent Rounds
  - [ ] Review project / proposals
    - Weekly
    - Monthly
  - [ ] Big Picture discussions
    - Gimbalabs discussions
    - Cardano discussions
  - [ ] Breakout rooms as necessary
- [ ] Goodbyes and ending

---

## Check in Round

- Usually 10 - 15 mins
- Newman Lanier  - check
  gZero - check 
  Andrew Watts - okay - go course
  James Dunseith - check 
  Lewis Nduati - lewis - 
  Megan W - Ohio time zone - at day job
  Ojeh Agbaje - engineer dev - Nigeria - 
  Lucas - sharing web3 design
- Gideon - 
- Emmanuel - 



### Intro notes

Today is April 2nd - it's Thursday and it's 1430 UTC - time for Open Spaces with the Gimbalabs network.  

We come together each week to stay connected, share updates, explore new ideas, and do consent-based governance.

By doing so, we keep Gimbalabs aligned with its purpose — to provide open, replicable, and safe spaces for people everywhere to learn, to explore, and to empower one another to solve meaningful problems.

**Staying connected at a distance.**

As we move into a break

**How do we stay focused, motivated, and connected to the driver of Gimbalabs… when Gimbalabs isn’t “active” in the usual way?**

When we’re not meeting every week…  
when the rhythm changes…  
how do we *still stay Gimbalabs?*

 that’s not a problem—it’s an opportunity.

---

A chance to:

- shift patterns

- step away from some of the overhead - No meetings in the summer!

- break from old habits

- and intentionally build something better

This is a time to **focus on what really matters**.

---

👉 *How do you actually want to spend your time?*

That question sits right at the heart of Gimbalabs.

---

So this season, we’re leaning into that.

We’re exploring:

- ways to reduce BS
- ways to support **builders**
- and ways to strengthen what we really are:

A **decentralized, problem-solving, builder network**



---

So as we move into this next phase,  
that’s what we want to focus on.

**Build. Stay connected. Stay intentional.**

And then—  
we’ll come back together in August…

for **Season 7.**

## Announcements

- Calendar items in the short, medium and long term (example)
- dRep report on Gov Actions - [Proposal Summaries](https://github.com/gimbalabs/Cardano-governance-proposal-summaries/tree/main/Proposal%20Summaries)

Andamio Pioneers - 4 sessions left - new cohort

45b - changing the meeting to - cardano 2025 impact assemsent - 

Ayomi - X space on thursday - today 1800 UTC

Lewis - Paul (Tracom) wants meeting with the Andamio team - Questions: Why blockchain, Why Andamio. ... Airpay and Vespr wallet - Hinson connection and DeltaDifi

Neal - Vespr Project - builder onboarding - create playbook for each region -  [Catalyst proposal](https://projectcatalyst.io/funds/14/cardano-open-ecosystem/gimbalabs-vespr-cardano-onboarding-workshop-guideline)

https://projectcatalyst.io/funds/14/cardano-open-ecosystem/gimbalabs-vespr-cardano-onboarding-workshop-guideline  

Neal.lam@deltadefi.io - X:nealsidan 







## Agenda Setting (in order of priority)

- [ ] Call for Proposals
- [ ] Community Review and Consent Rounds

Ayomi - [Proposal for Cardano Bounties - Google Docs](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1QGjW_RXzGP0hNyB6pdbyk8pEwYwrngv7FUD9wKqd1jo/edit?tab=t.0)

Questions: Other platforms that does this - addresses this problem? 

- AdaLink: 

Question: Other teammembers 

- need two other members

Questions: Blockchain in 2021.  James wrote a proposal and Morano wrote and co-ordinated.

- combine ideas - the Vespr project - building onboarding course plus feedback



James [Cardano Community Tooling](https://github.com/gimbalabs/gimbalabs-project-archive/blob/main/proposals/draft/cardano-community-feedback-tooling/proposal.md)

- https://www.cardano-xp.io/ and https://midnight-pbl.io/

- how to give feedback - when the source is a community - different people are there to refine - 

 reaction round with these two:

Newman

Andrew - connect to Andamio - 

Emmanuel - 

megan - pass

gideon - still need 

Lewis - like the feedback thing

Lucas - dm'ed with Ayomi - there are tools that solve this problem - focus on the human side, if you use the Andamio covers the technical side .  And, for the community input

Neal - happy and 

Ojeh - fine 

Ahmed

Harsha - combining part - getting the partner - opportunities for community involvment. Learning project.  Like Asteria project



[Piece of Pie Hackathon]([gimbalabs-project-archive/proposals/active/PieceOfPieHackathon/project.mdatmain·gimbalabs/gimbalabs-project-archive·GitHub) - 

question: existing project?  Like the Tracom... maybe in the design phase

- has to be a software



question: Solo work... the more people who collaboration

- not just solo, but what about the feedback loop and the real user 

- feedback pie is open to anyone



Question: can I build - but could people

- focus vs collaborative

- One commitment to one thing we are going to work on - avoid the misunderstanding of gaming.  



15

16

10



Consent to all three Round: 

Newman Lanier - 
gZero - no objection
Andrew Watts - thumbs up 
Lewis Nduati - no object
Ahmed Kadiri - no objection
Ayomi Shuga - no objection - 
Gideon Ovwiomor - 
James Dunseith - the total is small in USD.  No claim on treasury - we need to use them and prove that we can use them to create value for the network.  
Megan W - 
Ojeh Agbaje











## Goodbyes and ending