## 2026-03-12

### check in round
Lewis, Newman, James, Ahmed, Jethro 

### Intro notes

Today is March 12th - it's Thursday and it's 1430 UTC - time for Open Spaces with the Gimbalabs network.  

learning, coordination, and decision-making - That’s what we do in the next 90 min session

We come together each week to stay connected, share updates, explore new ideas, and do consent-based governance.

By doing so, we keep Gimbalabs aligned with its purpose — to provide open, replicable, and safe spaces for people everywhere to learn, to explore, and to empower one another to solve meaningful problems.

- Coordination is the key - Big network needs tools and processes.  Today we are migrating from Notion to Github as our coordination system.
    - Github as a skill
    - opportunity to refine our needs and processes.
    - Also look around and see how others are doing it

### 

### Announcements

Andamio Pioneers -

- https://github.com/Andamio-Platform/andamio-pioneers-cohort-001/tree/main/agendas

Gimbalabs events - 

- Google Calendar - https://www.gimbalabs.com/
- 45b partnership - Friday Governance, Monday Intro to Cardano for business owners - https://luma.com/45B-Open-hours

Other Events

- BuilderFest - Is Seb going? YES!
    - builders sense of the technology - Everyone is welcome to be a builder - in different ways - talents and curiosity  - not just a tourist.
    - Things change a bit - but now is the best time to build

### Agenda -

- [ ]  Check in Round
- [ ]  Announcements
    - Calendar items in the short, medium and long term
    - dRep report on Gov Actions - https://app.cgov.io/
- [ ]  Agenda Setting (in order of priority)
    - [ ]  Call for Proposals  - Process specific proposals “Community Review and Consent”
    - [ ]  Previous Consent process proposals
    - [ ]  Review project / proposals
        - Weekly
        - Monthly
    - [ ]  Big Picture discussions
        - Gimbalabs discussions
        - Cardano discussions
    - [ ]  Breakout rooms as necessary
- [ ]  Goodbyes and ending
    - next week

### Notes

Notion MCP - 

- the notion files are slow with the agent - .MD is quick

Notion

- backup for document requirements for Catalyst Projects
- 

### consent rounds -

- Remember: statements concerning safety and objections.